Hi, guys.
Or come.
In this lecture, users are going to be able to do latent.
But before then you can see currently we have imposed the display name of the user.
Well, what you can also do, we can give this a room to change this display name to something else.
Okay.
Not to do this are going to go back to our visa code.
Then we're going to go to the comptroller's folder since we have agreed that the comptroller's folder
is going to be created in all our logics.
Right.
Okay.
So now we are going to go to the Jets, see this go controller fly.
Then we are going to use Control and B to make this way.
Okay.
Now over this create meeting function, we're going to pass in an additional variable.
So over here we are going to give it freely cover.
Then we'll go passing a variable called user name and we are not going to make this required.
Now we're also going to specify the type.
It is a type of string because it is a test.
Then it is going to say equal to an empty string for now.
Okay.
Now we're going to scroll down.
Over here.
We are going to do some check.
So now we are going to say if.
That's user name variable we just created dot is.
Empty.
That's me as the user did not provide any name.
The U.S. did not provide any names.
Right.
And because of that, we just want to.
Go with this.
Discipline.
Okay.
So now what we can do again is we can say.
Is going to go to this end.
We can create another variable called name and it's is a type of string because it is a test.
I just semicolon.
Okay.
Now, what we are going to do on this this webinar did this variable called name.
So if it is empty, that's because the user wants to go with this display name.
So we are going to say name is equal to underscore or it's.
Arts Comptroller.
Dodds.
User turds displaying their right.
Okay.
Now add your.
This over.
Okay.
Great.
Now over here, we are going to say else that is the user actually want to change that display name.
So this is going to be name is equal to the user name.
Okay, great.
Right.
Okay.
Now use controls to save this file.
And then use control and be in that to make this world again.
Then now you're going to go to the video call screen.
Now, in the last lecture we had earlier created the join button and we made this clickable by using
the inkwell and then the on tap.
And over here we created a function which we made.
Privates are the reason for the private is because we don't want to be able to fill to this join medicine
aside this flag.
Right.
Okay.
So now what's it going to do?
First, we are use this.
Creates meets in function or via.
Now in order to have access to this, creates misinformation.
We first going to have access to this class, right?
Because this is the father and this is the child.
Not to do that over the video screen, because control and data, they decide.
Then over here, we're going to create a fine variable.
Then there's going to be the type of GSC controller that the rebel is going to be a part of.
It is going to be what it's called GSC Controller.
Then it's going to be equal to that GSC Controller class.
Okay.
Yet see.
Controller.
Okay, great.
Now over here a little bit is down there on the score, Jesse.
GSC Controller ten create.
Richard.
Okay.
Now for the room name.
It's gonna be the meats in.
I'd.
Controller there to get value you just have to say dot test okay for the is audio muted we're just going
to set this to.
The true.
And for the video view, Ted.
As well we can.
As I said institute in the future videos are going to let out a.
We'll make this advance.
Right.
Okay.
So we can then had a semicolon over there.
Okay, great.
Now you can see really we don't have to pass in this extra fields.
We.
Had had over a year.
That's his username.
The reason is because we did not make it a required field.
What?
We can just pass it, right?
Okay.
So now we're going to go back to the.
Video screen.
So now they're going to need to either they're going to use the name.
These are name is going to be the.
You name I take recorded name controller.
Then to get the value, we have to say to the test.
Okay.
Now you can use your controls to save or use or restart, not to save or those or certifies.
Now you're going to need to check this out, right?
Okay.
He's going to take us back, I think.
Then.
It's going to get rid of this.
Okay.
So we're going to keep on doing that, right?
Now for the group idea, I'm just going to put.
Something that does not exist.
Of course I have not created a new room yet.
For now.
Okay, we do have a look.
We conjoin what the room idea is going to be to the indicative from the oak.
You can see it now.
Very right.
Okay.
They can see it.
Now.
We did not change the display name.
You can see we would not do anything to display names.
Automatically go got the logged in user.
That's been the words.
Okay.
Now currently it is not going to work because this ID I.D. as logic created.
Right.
So you can actually just click on the.
Quick or new in.
The room right here is the one.
This is the Almighty.
You can pass.
Okay.
So can you just terminate this?
Okay, so what you're going to do is able to share this app with your friends.
So this is of use in the zone app.
You can use this way you can use your own have created by you.
Right.
You can see it as I think it has also few shows where you can raise and you can raise as always.
And yet since.
There is no other user.
But we can't associates.
Well, they can't charge.
They can do everything.
So you can basically do as.
Right.
Okay.
You can do basically everything.
You can go from locations.
You can see.
Right.
Okay.
So we're just going to.
So what you can do is you can you can share this app with your friends, friends, families, loved
ones.
You sort of using Zoom.
You can use the app created by you.
And in this lecture, I want to see a way to improve this more.
Okay?
Okay, guys, see you in.
This picture is the first time and it's my call.